README.md, before:

<h1 align="center">
Spell4Wiki - Spell For Wiktionary/Wikimedia Commons
</h1>

<p align="center"><img width="120" height="120" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/manimaran96/Spell4Wiki/master/files/assets/icons/spell4wiki-playstore.png" alt="logo"/></p>

<p align="center">
Spell4Wiki is a mobile application to record and upload audio for Wiktionary words to Wikimedia Commons.<br/>
Spell4Wiki also a multilingual Wiki-Dictionary.
</p>

<p align="center">
<a href="https://github.com/manimaran96/Spell4Wiki/releases" alt="GitHub release"><img src="https://img.shields.io/github/release/manimaran96/Spell4Wiki.svg" ></a>
<a href="https://github.com/manimaran96/Spell4Wiki/blob/master/LICENSE" alt="GitHub license"><img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/License-GPL%20v3-blue.svg" ></a>
<a href="https://manimaran96.wordpress.com" alt="Developer badge"><img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/developed%20by-Manimaran-blue.svg" ></a>
</p>


<p align="center">
   <a href="https://f-droid.org/en/packages/com.manimarank.spell4wiki/"><img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/manimaran96/Spell4Wiki/master/files/assets/images/badges/fdroid.png" width="200px"></a>
   <a href="https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.manimarank.spell4wiki"><img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/manimaran96/Spell4Wiki/master/files/assets/images/badges/google_play.png" width="200px"></a>
</p> 

## Features

<p align="center"><img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/manimaran96/Spell4Wiki/master/files/assets/images/spell4wiki_banner.png" width="800"/></p>

## Screenshots


   <kbd align="center">
<p align="center">
<img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/manimaran96/Spell4Wiki/master/files/assets/screenshots/spell4wiki_ui.gif" width="300"/></p></kbd>

## What Spell4Wiki App Achieved?
- Supported 250+ Languages for all 4 features.
- Uploaded 35,000+ audio files to Wikimedia commons from various language contributors.
- All audio files are categorized under Wikimedia commons - https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Category:Files_uploaded_by_spell4wiki

## Contribution

Whether you have ideas, translations, design changes, bugs, code cleaning, or real heavy code changes, help is always welcome. The more is done the better it gets!

If you'd like to get involved, check our [contribution](https://github.com/manimaran96/Spell4Wiki/blob/master/docs/CONTRIBUTING.md#spell4wiki-contribution-guidelines) notes.

Watch the tutorial videos below and make your contribution.

| Title | Video Link |
| :------- | :---------: |
|     Introduction & What is Spell4Wiki App?    | [Play Video](https://youtu.be/IMku3FL7s3I) |
|     How to use Spell4Wiki App?    | [Play Video](https://youtu.be/Fu4kQcv04kA) |

More videos for other language [check here](https://github.com/manimaran96/Spell4Wiki/blob/master/docs/CONTRIBUTING.md#how-to-use-spell4wiki)


## Donation for Development
 - To support developers, you can do a donation : [Donation details](https://github.com/manimaran96/Spell4Wiki/blob/master/docs/DONATION.md#donation--spell4wiki-app)
 
#### By Paypal

<a href="https://www.paypal.me/manimaranlpt"><img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/manimaran96/Spell4Wiki/master/files/assets/images/badges/paypal.png" width="200px"/></a>

https://www.paypal.me/manimaranlpt

#### By BHIM UPI Payment 

Pay using **`spell4wiki@ybl`** BHIM UPI ID.

*Share the donation details to `manimarankumar96@gmail.com`

## Credits To
#### Initiated & Powered By
* [Kaniyam](http://www.kaniyam.com/) Foundation - [Project idea](https://github.com/KaniyamFoundation/ProjectIdeas/wiki/Project-Ideas)
* [VGLUG](https://vglug.org/) - Villupuram GNU Linux Users Group
* [Tamil Wiki Community](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Tamil_Wikipedia)

#### Inspired By
* [WikiAudio](https://github.com/Atul22/wikiAudio)

#### Contributors & Supporters for Technical and Wikimedia knowledge
* [Irmodesgh](https://github.com/lrmodesgh)
* [Shrinivasan](https://github.com/tshrinivasan)
* [Khaleel Jageer](https://github.com/jskcse4)
* [Info farmer](https://www.mediawiki.org/wiki/User:Info-farmer)
* [Ragulkanth](https://github.com/ragulkanth)
* [Sivaraam](https://github.com/sivaraam)

More contributors : [look here](https://github.com/manimaran96/Spell4Wiki/graphs/contributors)

## Useful links
 * [Commons:Spell4Wiki](https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Commons:Spell4Wiki)
 * [Files uploaded by Spell4Wiki](https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Category:Files_uploaded_by_spell4wiki)
 * [Blog about Spell4Wiki](https://manimaran96.wordpress.com/category/android-apps/spell4wiki/)
 
## More Screenshots 

| Login | Main | Words List | Record & Upload |
|:-:|:-:|:-:|:-:|
| ![First](fastlane/metadata/android/en-US/images/phoneScreenshots/1.png?raw=true) | ![Sec](fastlane/metadata/android/en-US/images/phoneScreenshots/2.png?raw=true) | ![Third](fastlane/metadata/android/en-US/images/phoneScreenshots/3.png?raw=true) | ![Fourth](fastlane/metadata/android/en-US/images/phoneScreenshots/4.png?raw=true) |

| Settings | License | Word-Details | Wiktionary |
|:-:|:-:|:-:|:-:|
| ![Fifth](fastlane/metadata/android/en-US/images/phoneScreenshots/5.png?raw=true) | ![Sixth](fastlane/metadata/android/en-US/images/phoneScreenshots/6.png?raw=true) | ![Seventh](fastlane/metadata/android/en-US/images/phoneScreenshots/7.png?raw=true) | ![Eighth](fastlane/metadata/android/en-US/images/phoneScreenshots/8.png?raw=true) |



## License

<img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/manimaran96/Spell4Wiki/master/files/assets/images/badges/gplv3.svg" width="100px"></img>

Spell4Wiki is Free Software: You can use, study share and improve it at your will. 
Specifically you can redistribute and/or modify it under the terms of the [GNU General Public License](https://www.gnu.org/licenses/gpl.html) as published by the Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or (at your option) any later version.

## TODO List
1. Implement Two factor authentication.
2. Resolve category update problem(பகுப்பு:தமிழ்-ஒலிக்கோப்புகளில்லை).
3. Resolve issues.
4. Dark mode UI

## Communication

* Join Telegram Group - [Spell4Wiki Telegram Group](https://t.me/spell4wiki) 
* If you want to get in touch with the developer you can send an email to <a href="mailto:manimarankumar96@gmail.com">manimarankumar96@gmail.com</a> or [@manimarank](https://t.me/manimaran_k) in Telegram.
* Feel free to post suggestions, changes, ideas etc. on GitHub or Telegram!

Commit message:

Update README.md - Stats details

README.md, after:

<h1 align="center">
Spell4Wiki - Spell For Wiktionary/Wikimedia Commons
</h1>

<p align="center"><img width="120" height="120" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/manimaran96/Spell4Wiki/master/files/assets/icons/spell4wiki-playstore.png" alt="logo"/></p>

<p align="center">
Spell4Wiki is a mobile application to record and upload audio for Wiktionary words to Wikimedia Commons.<br/>
Spell4Wiki also a multilingual Wiki-Dictionary.
</p>

<p align="center">
<a href="https://github.com/manimaran96/Spell4Wiki/releases" alt="GitHub release"><img src="https://img.shields.io/github/release/manimaran96/Spell4Wiki.svg" ></a>
<a href="https://github.com/manimaran96/Spell4Wiki/blob/master/LICENSE" alt="GitHub license"><img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/License-GPL%20v3-blue.svg" ></a>
<a href="https://manimaran96.wordpress.com" alt="Developer badge"><img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/developed%20by-Manimaran-blue.svg" ></a>
</p>


<p align="center">
   <a href="https://f-droid.org/en/packages/com.manimarank.spell4wiki/"><img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/manimaran96/Spell4Wiki/master/files/assets/images/badges/fdroid.png" width="200px"></a>
   <a href="https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.manimarank.spell4wiki"><img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/manimaran96/Spell4Wiki/master/files/assets/images/badges/google_play.png" width="200px"></a>
</p> 

## Features

<p align="center"><img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/manimaran96/Spell4Wiki/master/files/assets/images/spell4wiki_banner.png" width="800"/></p>

## Screenshots


   <kbd align="center">
<p align="center">
<img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/manimaran96/Spell4Wiki/master/files/assets/screenshots/spell4wiki_ui.gif" width="300"/></p></kbd>

## What Spell4Wiki App Achieved?
- Supported 250+ Languages for all 4 features.
- Uploaded 35,000+ audio files to Wikimedia commons from various language contributors.
- All audio files are categorized under Wikimedia commons - https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Category:Files_uploaded_by_spell4wiki

## Contribution

Whether you have ideas, translations, design changes, bugs, code cleaning, or real heavy code changes, help is always welcome. The more is done the better it gets!

If you'd like to get involved, check our [contribution](https://github.com/manimaran96/Spell4Wiki/blob/master/docs/CONTRIBUTING.md#spell4wiki-contribution-guidelines) notes.

Watch the tutorial videos below and make your contribution.

| Title | Video Link |
| :------- | :---------: |
|     Introduction & What is Spell4Wiki App?    | [Play Video](https://youtu.be/IMku3FL7s3I) |
|     How to use Spell4Wiki App?    | [Play Video](https://youtu.be/Fu4kQcv04kA) |

More videos for other language [check here](https://github.com/manimaran96/Spell4Wiki/blob/master/docs/CONTRIBUTING.md#how-to-use-spell4wiki)


## Donation for Development
 - To support developers, you can do a donation : [Donation details](https://github.com/manimaran96/Spell4Wiki/blob/master/docs/DONATION.md#donation--spell4wiki-app)
 
#### By Paypal

<a href="https://www.paypal.me/manimaranlpt"><img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/manimaran96/Spell4Wiki/master/files/assets/images/badges/paypal.png" width="200px"/></a>

https://www.paypal.me/manimaranlpt

#### By BHIM UPI Payment 

Pay using **`spell4wiki@ybl`** BHIM UPI ID.

*Share the donation details to `manimarankumar96@gmail.com`

## Credits To
#### Initiated & Powered By
* [Kaniyam](http://www.kaniyam.com/) Foundation - [Project idea](https://github.com/KaniyamFoundation/ProjectIdeas/wiki/Project-Ideas)
* [VGLUG](https://vglug.org/) - Villupuram GNU Linux Users Group
* [Tamil Wiki Community](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Tamil_Wikipedia)

#### Inspired By
* [WikiAudio](https://github.com/Atul22/wikiAudio)

#### Contributors & Supporters for Technical and Wikimedia knowledge
* [Irmodesgh](https://github.com/lrmodesgh)
* [Shrinivasan](https://github.com/tshrinivasan)
* [Khaleel Jageer](https://github.com/jskcse4)
* [Info farmer](https://www.mediawiki.org/wiki/User:Info-farmer)
* [Ragulkanth](https://github.com/ragulkanth)
* [Sivaraam](https://github.com/sivaraam)

More contributors : [look here](https://github.com/manimaran96/Spell4Wiki/graphs/contributors)

## Useful links
 * [Commons:Spell4Wiki](https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Commons:Spell4Wiki)
 * [Files uploaded by Spell4Wiki](https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Category:Files_uploaded_by_spell4wiki)
 * [Blog about Spell4Wiki](https://manimaran96.wordpress.com/category/android-apps/spell4wiki/)
 
## More Screenshots 

| Login | Main | Words List | Record & Upload |
|:-:|:-:|:-:|:-:|
| ![First](fastlane/metadata/android/en-US/images/phoneScreenshots/1.png?raw=true) | ![Sec](fastlane/metadata/android/en-US/images/phoneScreenshots/2.png?raw=true) | ![Third](fastlane/metadata/android/en-US/images/phoneScreenshots/3.png?raw=true) | ![Fourth](fastlane/metadata/android/en-US/images/phoneScreenshots/4.png?raw=true) |

| Settings | License | Word-Details | Wiktionary |
|:-:|:-:|:-:|:-:|
| ![Fifth](fastlane/metadata/android/en-US/images/phoneScreenshots/5.png?raw=true) | ![Sixth](fastlane/metadata/android/en-US/images/phoneScreenshots/6.png?raw=true) | ![Seventh](fastlane/metadata/android/en-US/images/phoneScreenshots/7.png?raw=true) | ![Eighth](fastlane/metadata/android/en-US/images/phoneScreenshots/8.png?raw=true) |


## Stats of Files uploaded by Speell4Wiki to Wikimedia Commons

<p align="center"><img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/manimaran96/Spell4Wiki/master/files/assets/images/spell4wiki_files_uploded_stats.png" width="1200"/></p>


## License

<img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/manimaran96/Spell4Wiki/master/files/assets/images/badges/gplv3.svg" width="100px"></img>

Spell4Wiki is Free Software: You can use, study share and improve it at your will. 
Specifically you can redistribute and/or modify it under the terms of the [GNU General Public License](https://www.gnu.org/licenses/gpl.html) as published by the Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or (at your option) any later version.

## TODO List
1. Implement Two factor authentication.
2. Resolve category update problem(பகுப்பு:தமிழ்-ஒலிக்கோப்புகளில்லை).
3. Resolve issues.
4. Dark mode UI

## Communication

* Join Telegram Group - [Spell4Wiki Telegram Group](https://t.me/spell4wiki) 
* If you want to get in touch with the developer you can send an email to <a href="mailto:manimarankumar96@gmail.com">manimarankumar96@gmail.com</a> or [@manimarank](https://t.me/manimaran_k) in Telegram.
* Feel free to post suggestions, changes, ideas etc. on GitHub or Telegram!
